now i'm going to be using an onion red
pepper or capsicum a couple of tens of
coconut milk I'm using some laksa paste
that you buy the supermarket i'm going
to try using a hooky and noodles
although you could use two minute or
ramen noodles if you wish and for my
seafood i'm using these beautiful fresh
local prawns or shrimp now you can use
whatever seafood you like or you could
use chicken as well but prawns are nice
and easy and simple so I'm just going to
use them so what I've done is cut the
capsicum up into fine strips and you
don't have to use capsicum but I just
like it for the color I've also diced
the onions and I have cut their heads
off these prawns which I'm now going to
wash now i'm going to leave the shell on
them but if you do want to peel them
please do okay so first I'm just going
to add a little bit of oil now I'm going
to add the onions and the laps of sauce
now it's time to add the prawns
we're going to cook that for about Oh
see that spicy we're going to cook that
for about three minutes keep stirring
that occasionally after the three
minutes we're going to add one haha of
the coconut milk and the capsicum just
stir that through we're going to turn
the heat down once that starts to boil
and let that simmer for about five
minutes uncovered now if you think that
source is looking a little bit too thick
just add one tin of the coconut milk and
maybe half a team of water now while
it's simmering for five minutes it's
time to prepare the noodles now these
noodles are very easy to prepare only
takes a minute just need to put them in
a bowl then cover them with boiling
water then you just need to gently
separate them using some toms and we'll
just let them sit for about a minute now
once that one minute is up we just need
to gently drain the water from the
noodles now by the time those noodles
are all heated the prawns should be
nicely cooked and it's time to serve up
so now it's just time to pour this mix
fill up that bowl